[Music]
welcome back to let's play atleast
sophie my name is carsten
so i believe what we need to do next is
go over
to the world map
[Music]
and go over
now we'll have to check those places out
oh those link that's convenient
and we got more stuff going on there
where are we going next
where we're going is actually over here
because what i need is honeycomb
unless there's some in one of these new
places
it has potatoes
[Music]
and we're going to need to go pick up
some honeycomb
we will maybe check out the new place
so there should be some honeycomb around
in some of these spots
yes that would be
a recipe idea
for honey i'm sure
[Music]
from beehive for beehive for honey
which we should get once we get back
there that's from performing synthesis
but i'm going to head
over maybe grab
some more
from some of these new places
[Music]
gathering of beasts oh that's not
ominous
that's several of those really annoying
things
i don't know if i should be here yet
[Music]
i'm being chased
is there anything i can look at
i'm mainly here for ideas maybe
materials
really don't want to fight those guys
[Music]
where are we going next we are going
here
so i can take a look at it
it's another farm a red pony
[Music]
oh one of them things
um i'll give it a shot they look pretty
strong
that's the red poonies i will
try one of these
you move everyone up and you
spinning shovel
this item is really effective
[Music]
okay never mind it wasn't
yeah that is really annoying
okay you get to
throw a bomb can we hit all of them i
think that'll hit all of them
[Music]
and you guys just attacks
okay well that works
grab a few more items
[Music]
do not want to fight you guys right now
what's over here
did i see something maybe i didn't
okay all right i will give that
big whale thing a try
okay whoa they look pretty tough
[Music]
we will start out
with a bomb that won't hit both of them
but i will still start out with that
you will start out i really should have
healed off screen first
in fact you know what i'm going to try
to run
because i
really should have planned this better
[Music]
so if i go in here
and i you know what i'm not gonna bother
i can fight those guys later
i'm still a little wimpy right now but i
saw what was there
go back here
did i even get any
requests done no
but let's drop this stuff off and see
how we're doing
sophie this is bad
[Music]
oscar what's wrong you're covered in
sweat
a monster a monster appeared a monster
where
i was outside the town observing plants
like usual i thought it was safe because
i always go there but
there was a terrible monster so
ah so oscar what about this monster
that should be obvious i want you to
come with me and defeat it
what me why you should already know i'm
not very strong at all
please sophie you're the only person i
can ask i made a promise with those
plants i told them i'd bring them some
special fertilizer
just think of it as helping me in the
plants please i'm begging you
well if you're that desperate i guess i
can go
thank you sophie i won't forget this i
owe you oh i already told monica about
it too i'll see you in a bit
[Music]
so much for me being the only person he
could ask he just says whatever's
convenient to him
but i said i'd go i don't really care
about this but i guess i have to
[Music]
another recipe honey hmm what to make
we will make some honey because we
haven't done that yet
what materials to use
is this good okay let's start
now those are inconvenient shapes
this is good
[Music]
so that's what happens
this isn't bad
[Music]
and no matter where i put it it's going
to mess things up oh well
[Music]
is this good um no we'll just do that
well that's a square that's interesting
[Music]
i really hope i can rotate those things
later
development alchemist now allows you to
transfer traits from materials
awesome
[Music]
as we go into recipe ideas what do we
have now
this is from a strawberry
investigating fountain and animal fur
now where is strawberries
do i even know
[Music]
whimsy strawberry
from the farm okay so i can go pick some
of these up on the farm i can go check
out the fountain
and i probably have to slay some of
those annoying wolves to get fur
is healed up because i came back here i
think that may be automatic
let's go out here and gather up some
water
wait i think this may be
i see someone back there is this where i
need to go no this is a gathering point
okay
i'm going to walk over to where that
fountain is because i'm not 100
sure which zone that's considered
because it's kind of between them
probably this next one
[Music]
the plaza most likely the plaza yeah
all right water spraying into sky forms
and fountains so the water's been
colored by the sky itself
that gives us an idea for something
[Music]
and oh neuralizer b
and the event i need to look at now
that's plexus memories here
go to forgotten nursery
let me go ahead and see if there's any
quests
or requests i can pick up here
which request i can turn those in me as
well
[Music]
thank you making an accessory case
need cloth blue pooney island fish
magic grass
i guess i can turn in some of this
thank you very much
[Music]
um
i could just take out the blue coonies
and maybe fight one of those
i'll go ahead and grab them
i don't really see much reason not to
wish to hear
cursed ancient trees this if i grab
these it would get all my money i'm not
going to worry about them right now
we'll go outside
[Music]
ah that's a spot where are we going to
but i wanted to go to the farm
[Music]
and of course it's night time now
don't want it to be night time
[Music]
i did get that idea
epcole whatever app call is
[Music]
i'm not gonna fight that wolf well maybe
i should now
i'm gonna go and fight that fish
actually i should fight whatever this
where to quest monster is first
then the fish
i'm really rolling in the money now
[Music]
this is the place so where's this
monster you were talking about
uh oh over there
[Music]
wait is that the monster
yeah that's the one wait
oscar you never said it looked that
strong
i did i clearly told you it was a
terrible monster
i know you said that but you didn't say
that it was that terrible
stop both of you be quiet
it noticed us what should we do
[Applause]
[Music]
the monster he took it out in one hit
who is that guy he was saved
[Music]
are you okay are you injured uh
um i'm okay i see that's good
then i'll be taking my leave
he left sophie
are you okay um
yeah but who was that
i don't know but he saved me
so he must be a good person i'm sorry
sophie
it's all because i insisted that you
come and help fight that monster
it's okay the monster's been beaten so
it's all fine in the end
but we can't be sure another monster
like that won't appear
we should hurry back to town oh
now that i think about it i forgot to
ask that guy's name
[Music]
yeah somebody suspect that uh if he
becomes a member of our party
he won't be nearly strong enough to one
shot those things
get some new materials here
anything i can do by looking around on
[Music]
this
what did i get for this
gold thread cool
there's some
[Music]
ah this shouldn't be hard
yeah these are real easy at this point
they do do a little damage to me which
is kind of annoying
[Music]
oh that was actually yay we won
a really annoying amount of damage
but i did finish up that quest
this
try to see if there's anything i can
look at
without getting trapped by any monsters
[Music]
that goes to the world map but there's
other things in here it looks like
[Music]
that counts as water for getting memory
so that's cool
[Music]
ancient kitchen let's check it out
it's a poonie just fight like we usually
do
i don't want to deal with these guys
right now
i just want to grab the stuff and get
out of here
all right fine
so these i think are lower levels so
there are different levels of these guys
time to attack with items
that is starting to be an annoying
amount of damage
[Music]
great work everyone
whoa whoa they look pretty tough
yeah i agree whoa i think you need to
heal her up
[Music]
we are going to
see what we can do against these guys i
bet they're weak to fire
can i hit both of them no
that's annoying
[Music]
all right let's just attack everyone
okay we can probably take this guy out
now
[Music]
now is that because it was night or what
that's not even night
let's see if i can get to that other
place
[Music]
there's a bird over there
are you blocking no
i can't carry any more
[Music]
uh let's throw away
one of them and one of them and one of
them
[Music]
i'm gonna take a glance in here against
my better judgment
um
[Music]
okay we'll just run past and then go
back home
wait there's more oh hello
[Music]
well that was interesting can i like
leave
no i have to run out
fast travel does not work here
[Music]
dodge all the enemies run away back to
the world map
and back home but that's an interesting
place i will be
visiting there once i have more room
[Music]
hmm the reference book is getting pretty
full
it's getting hard to find things in it
[Music]
you have a hard time keeping things in
order after all
i'll teach you how to properly use a
reference book
really what should i do you could do
this
for example
uh yeah what does this do
[Music]
clipped in the reference book you can
easily bring it up in the field
[Music]
you can add clips by selecting clip in
the reference book
[Music]
if you do this it will be much easier to
use
yeah i think i can do this thank you
pasta
[Music]
so if we do that
that should do it do you remember
anything
[Music]
yes i remember it concerns how long i've
been active
huh so you remember your age how old are
you
that doesn't seem like the correct
expression for a book but
i was created 500 years ago 500 years
wow plucked you're really old
[Music]
again i'm a book so stop applying human
terms to me
i'm not old wait are you mad
you're mad aren't you i'm not mad
i'll be leaving now hey wait i'm sorry
i went too far but there's something i
want to ask you
what how are things like 500 years ago
was it completely different from now
well to be perfectly honest it wasn't
that much different from now
seeing the state of this town it doesn't
look like there have been any dramatic
changes in the last 500 years
oh i see i thought it would have been
completely different
i'm a little disappointed
and we got a new gathering field
[Music]
wait so does that did that actually fill
that up
[Music]
i guess it did so
what do we need for this this
video from raiden or
this idea from
animal fur and this from
simple sweets probably just need to make
them or maybe use them
we all need to make them to use them
this
hmm slaying silent beast monster from
memories
i'm not sure what i can do with that
i'll just
kind of end up making progress on that
regardless but i need to make
some more simple sweets
hmm what to make what materials to use
doesn't really make much of a difference
on this
may as well except for the shape
some of them have an l and some don't
let's see
now what does
i'll just pick regular water and
for this hmm
[Music]
it looks like these give me the best bet
here
[Music]
i'll do one of these
and one of these is good okay let's
start
[Music]
oh yes this is good
that's what happens yeah good
[Music]
actually before i do that we'll do this
one here
this looks good and then this one
is this good actually what we'll do
is we will do this one
[Music]
this is good
and then this
is this good it gets filling and salty
yeah i should finish it quick
[Applause]
[Music]
and learned a recipe for meister mittens
which if we look under here what do we
need to figure that one out
that's cloth
wait where is oh here it is
we need cloth
[Music]
so we need to get animal fur
which don't have yet
everyone is down here let's go into the
cafe
[Music]
welcome which request will you report
this
thank you very much
you can turn this in
[Music]
thank you
we have 16 days left for that but we
should be able to do that now this is
interesting we have two of these
so i think i can slay one and get credit
for both of those
thanks what rumor do you
[Music]
well i won't worry about the rest of
those right now
[Music]
actually it's been about a half an hour
let's go to the outlier and
at this point we'll go ahead and save
next time we will see if we can slay one
of those fish the classic rpg
flying floating fish and uh
see what that gets us maybe look around
hopefully get some animal fur maybe go
back to that
quite deep ruins area let's get some
more of the things in there
but i hope you enjoy thanks for watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play idle your
sophie my name is karsten
it's been a couple days since i recorded
let's see if i can remember what i was
doing i probably should have reviewed
the previous footage first
but i rather suspect that we probably
had some things to craft yeah we have
some things
let's see if we can get them crafted
and we haven't made this yet
our alchemy level is low but that just
means i will get more
out of it uh more xp's
not too worried about the quality at the
moment
and i'm not going to agonize too much
about what i pick here either is this
good
okay let's start all right
let's see here we have those are blue
and that's red and there's
okay so all those are blue except for
the red one
uh let's and i wish i could rotate these
that one and that one and
that there
and we'll do that
i'll just stick that there
and there and there
[Music]
ice damage large and inflict slow small
i guess that's not too bad all right
i'll finish it now
ice bomb now what traits to transfer ooh
transfer traits okay number of traits
you can transfer increases by one at
alchemy's levels 20 and 30.
so i can do up to two now i think
i have two to put on here so
i carry his cold reduces the target
speed and also has a low chance of
inflicting slow
and reduces equipment cost of useful
edges by five
is this okay ah it looks like i can only
i can only select one of them i'll do
carries cold
[Music]
okay it's finished
and i got a level out of it not
surprising considering it was a higher
level than
what i had available or what i am
now let's see what else can we make that
we haven't yet
analyzer b probably should have used
that for that
uh ice thing but oh well
so we need some rocks
i'll just pick a couple here and some
water
is this really okay okay then let's
start
this material goes here this one goes
there
actually i wonder let's see if these
are the corners if we do
if we do one of those and instead of
that
um one of
those and if we do
no i don't think i can do anything
useful with them
is this really okay okay then let's
start
i was trying to see if there was some
way this is going well
that i could get everything on there but
i don't think i
can in fact yeah i'm spending way too
much time on this we'll just do that
at one of those okay then let's start
all right
this is going well
all right this is going well right there
[Music]
is this really okay sure it's okay
now what traits to transfer now let's
see
cuts easily has seven percent additional
tax damage increases item effect by a
decent amount of size increases
um let's see the increase effect okay
that has a weird size
looking at the little grid there
[Music]
now let's see haven't made one of these
yet i have one from that pre-order item
set but i haven't made it
should i use
[Applause]
and we'll just pick something here that
we have a lot of what do we have a lot
of
uh wait these and
[Music]
oh we need to pick two of these okay
and some water is this really okay okay
then
let's start those are green and that's
yellow and everything is
yellow or red well that's
not very convenient to go here
this is great
and i think something good will happen
yeah we'll just do that good enough
all right i'll finish it now
what traits to transfer is this okay
okay
it's finished and that's another item
crafted
ingredient and medicine material app
coal whatever app call is
and i've made that made that made that
have not made gold thread
what material should i use
all right well we'll pick a couple of
these
and needs both my ingots
well i can make more and
some fuel
[Music]
i'll just pick one of these that i
bought a few okay then
let's start
and we have some
red in the middle to use i think
something good will happen
that and what shape is that
um
we'll put that there because we're just
gonna override it i think something good
will happen
yeah this is going great
all right is this really okay see what
that does for us
okay it's time to finish
[Music]
and some four gold thread
so this cuts mp consume and skill
enhance
that's not bad that enhances item
according to strength of
traits only putting one trait on at the
moment we'll throw an eco skill
yeah this is all done
and we got another level just really
gaining those levels
[Music]
it's a metal thread and do not have
enough for these
need more cloth and animal for i need to
find a source for animal fur
[Music]
because with animal fresh i think i can
make cloth once i have animal fur
did not seem to do a whole lot for the
next memory
if we go to events let's see
think up the recipe for friendly
personal
doesn't really give us a whole lot to go
on
this is cloth
so yeah we need to find some place to
get animal fur
that's a lightning bomb video from raid
north so we need to find some ore
[Music]
let's go to the street into the cafe
check for any requests
[Music]
it's unusual to see here at a time like
this
i figured a night walk could be nice
night air is quite pleasant after all
it's completely different from daytime
here yes it is i actually serve alcohol
to my customers here at night too
huh you serve alcohol gee i wonder what
she thought all those bottles back there
were
at first i was simply open late for my
customers who couldn't come during the
day
but there were quite a lot of requests
from my knight customers for alcoholic
drinks
that's why i only serve it at night i
didn't know it all
before i knew it my cafe was more like a
bar at night
do you serve different food too of
course i serve food
that goes well with alcohol that sounds
nice i'd like to try some oh but maybe
not the alcohol part
i can certainly adjust the food but it
really is intended to complement drinks
well you can always try it when you're
older and able to drink
okay of course you're always welcome at
my shop regardless of its day or night
come whenever you like okay i'll come
back again
[Music]
all right so yes we get cut scenes at
night that are different welcome
thank you for coming sophie i have to
remember that what rumor do you wish to
hear
are we any of these
magic grass wheat
not too worried about those which
request will you accept
this wants animal fur which i don't have
yet
this once or which i don't have yet
should go take out the
fish head in that direction
[Music]
all right i think i'll head in that
direction take out the fish
and maybe on some place with or what's
this
[Music]
hello many new places all right where to
okay now where was that fish
was it
was it here
come banks
no fish there
probably just at those places then
all right well
let's check out the new place
really going around that way's faster
found a tree that reaches the heavens
cooled off in the shade with the sound
of
rustling leaves hp recovered by 10. how
convenient i wasn't hurt yet
so things like this happen too yeah a
completely useless ceiling when i didn't
need it
of course if i needed it it wouldn't
happen
[Music]
so let's grab where is there it is
whatever those are
where is the fish there's the fish here
fish
whoa they look pretty tough
well i will start off
start off with one of these
[Music]
i think i'll try to
get rid of the weak ones first
i'll definitely give everyone an attack
boost here
this item is really effective
that didn't do a lot of damage i'm
hoping that defense minus helps
that's really getting annoying
okay so
uh i think it's bomb time
that will only hit one of them anyway
that's quite annoying
[Music]
well she needs to be healed up
you go ahead and
attack and you
also go ahead and attack
[Music]
this thing is really annoying
i have to heal up again
[Music]
all right feel sophie
let's get rid of the puny just to get it
out of the way
well
yeah less things on the battlefield is
better
plus it has a warning thing on it
and that will have you go later attack
will have you go first so we'll do that
oh she got knocked back right i'll go
sure now it gets break and now that
thing has a warning
uh well she's definitely gonna have to
use
medicine on her
you could finish off that pudding this
isn't good
and you hit that and hopefully you live
long enough to do it
[Music]
frolick owl
56 hp
[Music]
all right well everyone just kind of
go all out and hopefully we can kill it
[Music]
we hit break on it so that's good
all right 5 hp it's dead
[Music]
broke a sweat there that was annoyingly
tough
and i used an annoying amount of items
to do that i feel stronger
i might need to level grind off screen
or something
i can apply this experience to the
future i become stronger for the plants
but we'll see if we can avoid that
[Music]
i do not want to fight you again
oh nope nope they look pretty tough
no i do not want to fight these guys
right now uh
run run run
[Music]
okay
where should i go we should go
somewhere else
what is here have i checked
what about here gatherables
[Music]
and what's over here
hmm there's probably more gatherables
there i don't know about
i will see if i can sneak into here and
get some gatherables
no i won't uh go back here
and rest then we'll head over there
hey plocta there's something i thought
of when you told me about the cauldron
of knowledge
what could that be if i got a new
alchemy cauldron
would i be able to make better items
yes i actually think that's possible
really then maybe i'll try making a
better cauldron
but i don't know how to make one i know
how
would you like to try it you do
yeah tell me very well
[Music]
learned how to make old cauldron but if
i'm just making it is it really old
[Music]
hmm who could that be yes
it's open
[Music]
excuse me is this the alchemists outlier
yes that's right oh wait
you're you're the guy who saved me oh
you're the girl from before
what a coincidence that reminds me i
hadn't told you my name
i am julia a knight of adelaide
[Music]
[Applause]
julia cebald liddenshaft
sir giulio um my name's sophie
sophie that's a fine name
thank you but you said you came from
adelaide
that's a neighboring country must have
been a hard journey
[Music]
it was no trouble at all i'm actually
conducting an investigation on alchemy
visiting alchemists in various regions
i heard that there was an elderly
alchemist living in this town
and i came to speak with him
oh i think you're referring to my
grandma
oh i see is your grandmother home now
i'm very sorry sir julio my grandma
actually already oh i didn't know
i'm quite sorry i'm sure my asking was
unpleasant
no it's okay i'm sorry you came all this
way for nothing
[Applause]
no that's nothing for you to apologize
for but this
is quite a problem it seemed the alchemy
your grandmother used was closest to
that which i require
alchemy using certain materials as a
base to create completely different
things
a shame sounds like a suitable candidate
is right in front of you
hey you're going to shock him don't just
start
talking out of nowhere a talking book
i'd expect no less from the outlier of
an alchemist
um you're not surprised i'm surprised
but
i've seen quite a lot of the mysterious
power of alchemy up until now
but a suitable candidate sophie
are you an alchemist as well
oh yes but i'm still inexperienced so i
don't know if i could help you
it's true that sophie's skills are still
developing however i believe her
potential is great
if sophie keeps improving she will be
far more suitable than traveling around
speaking to random alchemists
perhaps there was some divine guidance
in our meeting
this may be worth wagering on
sophie i'd like to wager on your
potential
and your development into a grand
alchemist
until then i'd like to assist you
alchemists need to travel to dangerous
areas to gather materials correct
combat is about the only thing i'm
capable of
but i'd like to guard you yes of course
that would help me so much that's good
in that case i'll be staying a while in
this town
call upon me when i'm needed
a grand alchemist huh i wonder if i can
become an alchemist who's capable of
helping him
i told you you have the potential sophie
it all comes down to your effort
okay now i need to work hard for julio
too
[Music]
julia joined your party
and there's the cauldron
so if we go to formation
it does show everyone here he's level
six i wonder if everyone just levels up
the same as
uh i don't see
if i go to status
i don't see i see friend level
i don't oh yeah look up right next xp
everyone is the same so i guess
even party members i haven't met yet
level up with me that's convenient
gotta love those anti-frustration
features like that
so i will go to hmm
i don't want to spend too much longer on
this episode though
but i would like to go ahead and
turn in those quests and we'll probably
end up hitting a cut scene along the way
somewhere
hello mr horst welcome sophie what do
you need today
there's nothing in particular but do you
mind if i ask you a question
ask whatever you like i'll be more than
happy to answer if it's something i can
you're earning a cafe so why do you
manage all kinds of other work
ah there's no major reason for it in the
past this shop had a bulletin board for
guests to interact and post notices
a bulletin board that's right one day a
certain guest posted a request with a
monetary reward on the board
after that the board was used more and
more for such requests in business
huh however there were too many people
using the board and it turned into a
complete mess
that's why i decided to take charge and
manage all of it myself
so that's why i never heard of that but
isn't it a lot of work
that's very true but i do receive
commissions
on some days it even exceeds the amount
of money i make from cafe sales it helps
a lot
anyway you should do your best to
fulfill them too
what happens if i do greater
accomplishments allow you to accept more
difficult yet better paying requests
i have great expectations of you sophie
[Music]
yes i'll do my best
all right so let's turn in
promotion test first stage
have to check that out let's go ahead
and report these
thank you
um i can probably pick these up but
there's probably not much
point either this i suspect i can pick
up
just later anyway not too worried about
these
that one would be kind of annoying i'll
hold off on picking up anything else for
the moment
[Music]
uh let's see if we can talk to
giulio he's somewhere around here
maybe trigger one more cut scene before
we end the episode or something
huh who's that i've never seen her
before what's she doing
yeah this place has a pretty good
atmosphere not bad at all
still she's wearing really pretty
clothes i want to try wearing clothes
like that too
hey you there me
it looked like you were staring at me
why oh um i
just thought you were wearing really
pretty clothes
oh really that's good
do you live in this town uh yes i do i'm
sophie
[Music]
sophie huh i'm you know what you can
just call me leon
leon okay
leon um are you a traveler pretty much
i travel to lots of places tailoring and
selling clothes
huh so you're clothing no wonder you're
wearing such lovely clothes
i'm happy you feel that way hey sophie
there's something i want to ask you
what is it what's that church called
that's the varm church it's a tourist
attraction here in christian bell
hmm the harm church huh not a bad name
it looks similar to the church in my
hometown it made me feel a little
nostalgic
i see all right i've made my decision
i'm going to stay in this town for a
while i like the church here and the
year is clean and refreshing
it's nice to meet you sophie yeah same
here
probably a new shop or something
possibly a new party member
not sure on that see that's the church
[Music]
let's see
i don't see
uh julio around here let's see if it's
in here
what are you doing here good morning
sophie
good morning mrs marguerite are you here
to pray
yes i need to open my store in the
morning
that's why i come here so early it must
be hard work running a store
that's because the people in town rely
on me so much
i'm thankful for that
[Music]
yeah everyone loves your vegetables
thank you oh i should get back soon i'll
see you again sophie
okay
mrs marguerite works really hard i need
to work harder at my alchemy
[Music]
all right so that's another cut scene i
still don't
see julio
let's just go back to the outlier
that didn't see that icon is right
it's someone anyway
let's go back here for the moment
i'm tempted to craft the
well let's look at what it it requires
to craft the
cauldron
it requires oh colin requires the
previous cauldron
to or clean secret power it probably
doesn't matter what i
do with it as far as it's probably just
craft yes or no and i'm sure there'll be
further upgrades later
uh 30 minutes in
[Music]
oh what the heck
uh let's see
traits are all grayed out so i guess
traits aren't something i can
really put on there let's pick a couple
of these
uh one of these and one of these is this
good
okay let's start
okay so if we do
[Music]
and that
putting that here
[Music]
so it looks like there are
oh interesting
i don't think i could reasonably get
some of those other items right
now actually let me see if i can
get some more
[Music]
red in here this looks good
vertical flip
[Music]
[Applause]
uh can i get more of that please
ah let's see that is red
from here
um
let's use one of these okay let's start
now here i won't i'll use this okay
let's start put that there this is good
yeah here looks good now
here this is
oh good this is good
[Music]
um so that's what happens
what will that get me is this good
horizontal flip
interesting i wonder if that lets me do
both vertical and horizontal
guess we'll find out there's no way i'll
be getting enough to get the panel up
from four by four but that
is good to know about time
[Music]
okay so that's good
to know about it's done pasta
i see that this properly contains the
power of alchemy
you should be able to use this as an
alchemy cauldron
really that's good however
you will have to handle this type of
cauldron a little differently from the
one you've been using
if you can create other types of
cauldrons you'll greatly expand the
scope of your alchemy
you'll have to think about that for
yourself though
okay i got it
[Music]
interesting so i wonder if i can create
multiple cauldrons and choose between
them
what kind of stuff should i make i'm
just curious i'm not gonna actually do a
whole lot
here i'm not actually gonna do actual
craft i just wanna see
will this go well okay i'll try it
if i pick something like this
yes i can flip it horizontally
i wonder if i'll get rotate at some
point
but that is crazy awesome
so new cauldron but with that we'll end
the episode here
hope you enjoy thanks for watching and i
will see you
next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play out later
sophie my name is karsten
let's go ahead and we just got